Hello everyone and welcome to this election.
I'm super excited again because we're getting closer to actually training our model and testing it.
So let's go ahead and actually train our model so I'm going to go ahead.
In the previous lecture just to maybe recap what we have done in the past he had we just imported all
our libraries or packages and then he and we actually built our model right.
We built within a sequential four we build again our first evolution layer.
We did all our max layer and we did the drop out and then afterwards will be another convolution layer
with its mext pulley with flat and it's and then we did our fully connected layer in here.
Looks great right.
Let's go ahead and actually start compiling or changing our model.
So again Tsuki CNN underscored model dot com pioneer and he too we need to specify our function so he
We're going to use binary cross entropy.
Why.
Because he we have our equities binary rates we have zede all in one.
So going to say okay you're a binary on a score of cross entropy or if the output is keddy.
So let's say for example if you're classifying 10 categories used to use binary underscore categories
not cross entropy.
Okay.
Great.
Let's if he goes again go here.
End price shift shift tab that will open up what do we need to do.
How can achieve right.
CNN model the compile.
So you find they need to define our optimizers.
We need to find as well our lost function our metrics of efforts.
If you would just leave it all a blank.
That will simply going to use the default values and he if he was screwed down you might find as well.
Some of the options that we have here.
I hope it's listed so you can see here.
You will see that he that's a it's a loss.
So this is basically optimizers indicating look what optimize it will you were using.
Here we have all the metrics we use here we use the actual accuracy for our metrics and you can find
all the details as well.
If you go into the detailed documentation to see okay what options can I write here.
If it's buying across and shipping or getting water or whatever mystically optimization at too we're
going to specify okay we need to specify them optimize it so are going to say Okay Adam n me to specify
as well our learning great.
Okay let's say it's point or 1 so we're learning great.
It's basically how fast the network are going to stop learning.
Okay if you said it for example to a small or large number of that will impact your rate of learning.
So you will set it as a point or one and then he would define lucky key metrics that we wanted to treat
our modern with is basically our accuracy.
This is kind of pretty much standard all what you need to do is just to make sure that the here if you
have a binary output that will be binary cross entropy right.
OK.
Let's see.
That's and looks good.
And let's go ahead and actually start training and model.
So what are you going to do here.
We're going to specify how many epics we need.
So here we're going to see let's say five epics.
Again when you say epic that mean how many times we're going to be our tweets.
All right.
He was.
Let's go ahead then.
For example it wouldn't change it for let's see four five times ONDI.
So going to do five epochs to go ahead and beat outwits going to say saker history.
Equal to CNN underscored model dot fits n or in a person on our X underscored team will get a pass along
our y underscored team.
I'm going to pass along.
I want a bed size.
So when you say bed size that mean how many images would get to be fed.
It's kind of fun to figure out a dealer which is estuarine and whiteread in batches of 30 images per
batch.
And then he would specify the number of books so you can see it in B underscore.
Epic.
Equals two epochs.
Which is simply our premier that we find here.
We're going if he did he would come right directly.
He won.
And let's go ahead and say very bo's equates to one.
That's simply how many how much details we're going to be sure we actually performing the training.
OK.
I'm going to show you exactly what they mean by this now.
All right.
So that's that's pretty much it.
So no actually can pirlo a model.
Let's go ahead and actually perform the training.
So as you can see here it is truly interesting.
And I say okay now we have epics of one over five.
So simply this is the first.
OK.
You can see that's the loss.
And that's our accuracy.
The accuracy this point five is going up.
Let's say two point six as we move forward.
So every epic Watson network is doing is China is trying to simply go ahead and adjust the weights as
we move forward.
Wouldn't you say adjust the weight.
That means well actually training our network.
It's learning how to minimize the error or improve the accuracy of the model again it's when the eckert's
went from point five point five eight point seven again going up again.
That's good.
Are eight extra each.
Even point eight.
Or room or point seven nine so four.
That's epic five or five right.
That's looks actually pretty pretty great.
OK.
Obviously that's not you know like that's not amazing Why first of all we didn't fully optimize the
network.
Second of all we said the books only to five five is not generally enough to actually test our network.
So a little bit of challenge.
What I'm asking to do is please go ahead.
Pause the video and I want you to go ahead and observe the number of epics and make it let's say 20
or 25 or 30.
OK.
Obviously the the it would take a little bit longer time but that's kind of you know the media challenge.
And let's see if the accuracy here is being improved or it is go ahead.
Go ahead and try the challenge and see you right after the challenge.
All right.
I hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge.
So what I ask you to do is simply go ahead and change the number of books here 25 or 30 or whatever
and compare the accuracy before to the accuracy to it now.
So if you go down here he will find that each 98 percent accuracy which is pretty good.
Again please bear in mind that this problem is kind of pretty simple because we only have zero or one
so that's pretty simple.
We don't have let's say hundred categories or 50 categories of whatever.
So that's pretty good.
All right.
And that's pretty much what I have for the selectors.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And in the next section we'll get started actually evaluate with the model and see if that model makes
sense or not.
OK.
Please stay tuned and see you in the next election.